# Multi Material Unit Post Processing (MMUPP)MMUPP is a post processing script for [PrusaSlicer](https://www.prusa3d.com/page/prusaslicer_424/) when slicing for mutli material single nozzle prints.MMUPP aims to improve realiablilty of multi material prints by adding a few additions to the resulting G-code from PrusaSlicer to improve the filament tips.Functions of the script have been heavilly imspired by [Skinnydip](https://github.com/domesticatedviking/skinnydip)## DisclaimerUse this script at your own risk. This script is not responsible for any damage caused to your own printer.Always check the resulting G-code before executing it.## Installation### Linux/MacOSThis installation assumes that you already have Python3 installed (available by default on most recent distros and recent MacOS verisons) and gitInstallation is simple open a terminal and enter the following commands```shellcd ~mkdir mmuppcd mmuppgit clone git@github.com:rosscon/mmupp.git .chmod +x mmupp.py```Next add the script to post processing scripts in PrucaSlicer (Print Settings -> Output Options -> Post-processing scripts)Finally slice an object and export G-code.Inspect the resunting G-code file and make sure it contains the line ```gcode; PROCESSED WITH MMUPP```## UsageTo use the scripts features is also simple. Simply add keys from the below table to filament and printer Custom G-code in PrusaSlicer.Note how some keys may also have a corresponding reset key to be used in corresponding end custom G-code| Key | Reset Key | Intended G-code Location | Description | Example || --- | --- | --- | --- | --- || ;mmupp:dip_distance | ;mmupp:rst:dip_distance | Printer | Sets this distance of a secondary dip back into the hotend after cooling sequence to remove strings | ;mmupp:dip_distance=32.5 || ;mmupp:dip_insert_speed | ;mmupp:rst:dip_insert_speed | Printer | Sets the speed in which the filament is dipped towards nozzle | ;mmupp:dip_insert_speed=2000 || ;mmupp:dip_retract_speed | ;mmupp:rst:dip_retract_speed | Printer | Sets the speed in which the filament is retracted from its dip towards the nozzle | ;mmupp:dip_retract_speed=3500 || ;mmupp:dip_post_pause | ;mmupp:rst:dip_post_pause | Printer | Time in ms to wait after dipping filamanet | ;mmupp:dip_post_pause=5000 || ;mmupp:ramming_temp | ;mmupp:rst:ramming_temp | Filament | Sets the nozzle temperature prior to the ramming sequence | ;mmupp:ramming_temp=190 |## ContributingPull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.